Added ALT Tag for deploy/mobile-hpns.rst (#5589)
mattermost/docs: source/deploy/mobile-hpns.rst

- Mattermost Enterprise Edition: ``https://push.mattermost.com``

.. image:: ../images/mobile_hpns.png

>    :alt: Configure your existing Mattermost instance to use the Mattermost HPNS through System Console > Environment > Push Notification Server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :alt: Configure a licensed self-hosted Mattermost deployment to use the Mattermost Hosted Push Notification Server (HPNS) in the System Console by going to Environment > Push Notification Server. Select the HPNS option, then specify the server URL.
```
